README.md, before:

# ScarHack

A Roblox script hub with support for multiple games.

## Supported Games

- Arsenal
- AniPhobia
- Forsaken
- Tower of Hell
- Specter: Legacy
- Specter
- dingus
- 3008
- Hypershot
- Apocalypse Rising 2
- Zombie Tower
- Granny
- Build Your Factory Tycoon

## Utils
- [TAS](utils/tas.lua) - `Record your movements in slow motion and replay them on your character`
- [Placement](utils/placement.lua) - `Place and delete parts`
- [Replaybot](utils/replaybot.lua) - `Replay your movements`

## Usage

```lua
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scar17off/scarhack/refs/heads/main/main.lua"))()
```

## Documentation
- [ESP Library Documentation](libraries/ESP.md)

## Credits

### Libraries
- UI Library: [purple-haze-ui](https://github.com/Averiias/purple-haze-pf) by AlexR32 
- ESP Library: Modified version of [ESP Library](https://kiriot22.com/releases/ESP.lua) by Kiriot22
  - Added glow effect
  - Improved cleanup system
  - Added custom properties support

## License
[MIT License](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Added 'Hide or Die' game

README.md, after:

# ScarHack

A Roblox script hub with support for multiple games.  
This repository is supposed to be messy.

## Supported Games

- Arsenal
- AniPhobia
- Forsaken
- Tower of Hell
- Specter: Legacy
- Specter
- dingus
- 3008
- Hypershot
- Apocalypse Rising 2
- Zombie Tower
- Granny
- Build Your Factory Tycoon
- Hide or Die

## Utils
- [TAS](utils/tas.lua) - `Record your movements in slow motion and replay them on your character`
- [Placement](utils/placement.lua) - `Place and delete parts`
- [Replaybot](utils/replaybot.lua) - `Replay your movements`

## Usage

```lua
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scar17off/scarhack/refs/heads/main/main.lua"))()
```

## Documentation
- [ESP Library Documentation](libraries/ESP.md)

## Credits

### Libraries
- UI Library: [purple-haze-ui](https://github.com/Averiias/purple-haze-pf) by AlexR32 
- ESP Library: Modified version of [ESP Library](https://kiriot22.com/releases/ESP.lua) by Kiriot22
  - Added glow effect
  - Improved cleanup system
  - Added custom properties support

## License
[MIT License](LICENSE.md)
